{OK, so this will be the last
item of our norming study, about
6 pages long. It's a story.
Please take between 10 and 15
minutes as you go through the
story.}
#START_arrival-6 Open up with a
an empty.
bowl of some sort and we see a
flying creature coming and
sitting on the bowl
or bird I guess you call it, and
she's bringing what looks like
pieces of straw almost like
she's building a nest there.
Background we see.
That looks like a man who is
dipping his pen into an ink oil
while I'm getting ready to write
something, and he's got a lamp
lit beside him and we see the
urn in front of him and he's
writing with the ink.
Also has looks like some money
in front of him and he is making
this piece of paper that he has
written on into a frame.
Opening his wallet, putting the
money into the wallet with looks
like although it looks now I'm
seeing oh, it's it's an envelope
and he is putting money and the
crane, I believe the folded
crane into the envelope. He has
addressed it and he's putting a
stamp on it and he is now coming
down the steps with his
imaginary creature and he's
taking this letter. Looks like
he's going to mail this letter.
He is. He sees a woman.
On the sidewalk, she has a
creature with her in a basket,
too. Maybe he's asking her where
he can mail this. He walks over
to where the mailbox is and he
puts.
the letter into that mailbox,
meanwhile, he's looking up into
the sky and he sees.
Not sure what.
Is walking along with his
creature, and behind him is
sitting this mailbox which is
attached to a large white globe
and they're all around him are
hills with.
what looks like trees, but they
look like giant leaves. Yeah,
yeah.
We're seeing one leaf and it
looks like the leaf is getting
rained on and then it splits.
And inside of the split, it
looks like it's it looks like a
seed, but the seed turns into a
flower and it increases in size
and turns into a different type
of colorful dark flower with
various white dots in it. And
there are white birds that are
flying by and the flower
continues to change and it has
what looks like white.
Eggs around it and then it seems
to be disintegrating and each
page.
has it disintegrating more.
{Survive the greeting all the
way across both sides. I don't
know.} But this, the flower has
been changing and changing all
the way across this, these
pages. And there are little
creatures that have come into
the page that are they seem to
be eating the seeds that have
come from the flower and it
slowly disintegrates and we're
just seeing what is basically
the skeleton of the flower by
the time we come into this. And
it also looks like we are we're
looking at seasons.
Looks like it's changing seasons
from spring to summer to fall to
winter and by by the end of
this.
We're looking at a winter scape
with a just a skeleton of a
flower that's left.
The next scene is a city state,
and again it's a very imaginary
looking.
City with a flying ship in the
background and it looks like it
is possibly winter because there
is white on the ground and it
looks like there are a lot of
little towers and different
shapes and pointed structures
and a lot of little flying ships
in the air.
The next scene is we're seeing
that same urn that we started
with.
And it looks like now if the
nest has come to fruition and
the mother bird is bringing some
food to the baby birds that are
in the earth.
And in we see that urn outside
the window. Inside the window we
see a man looking at a picture
of possibly a family. He's
sitting on the bed with his
imaginary creature, and he has a
desk in the room. He has his
shoes on the floor.
The bed is looking kind of
rumpled and it looks like he has
a nice little.
Room to stay in. He's looks like
he's washed his clothes and they
are hanging on the line his
socks and his pants and he's got
a nice lamp there on the desk
and we see the little creature.
Sitting on the bed and it's
waking. It was sleeping, but
it's now waking up and it's
jumping off the bed and the man
is wondering where the little
creature is going because we see
a hole with a ladder coming out
of it and the creature has gone
down into that hole. And the
man, we see him on the ladder
going down after it and she, the
little creature is looking at a
letter and the man picks up the
letter.
And opens it. And inside. Oops.
Inside there is the crane and he
unwraps the letter and he's
looking outside.
And in on this page we have.
A piece of paper that has been
folded up in origami to look
like the imaginary creature we
have a cupboard with that looks
like dishes in it. We have hat
and a towel hanging on a rack.
We have a bowl.
With a utensil and some unusual
looking vegetables in the bowl
and looks like an egg in the
background.
We have a picture of drawings
that looks like they were done
by a young person, and then we
have some other kitchen items,
possibly a teapot.
And we have a cup of tea sitting
on a newspaper. We have a
picture of family with a man, a
woman and a little girl.
And we have a hand giving a.
Boy to another hand. It looks
like a man to a woman, and
there's a cup of tea in the
background.
And we have a very happy scene
of a family with a father, a
mother and a little girl, and it
looks like they're sitting at a
table getting something to eat,
and the man is holding up.
his hand, with three fingers
and.
The imaginary creature is by the
side of the table on the shelf
above the table we see a picture
of the family, we see the
origami creation of the
imaginary creature, and we see a
number of vessels and.
Pieces of artwork. We see the
hat hanging on the rack and the
pictures that the possibly the
young girl has drawn on the
wall.
And we see someone putting on
her boots. Let's see, it's the
little girl. She's putting on
her boots, and the imaginary
imaginary creature is giving her
her hat. She's putting on her
hat, and she's going out with
the creature and they're going
down a set of steps and they're
looking at things that are
shining on the ground and in the
air.
#END_arrival-6 Little sparkling
things that are in the air.